Copyright 2010 Luca De Feo

These are the LaTeX sources of my PhD thesis. I distribute them for
two reasons: 
    - so that you can produce a printable document adapted to
      your needs;
    - so that you can give a look at the sources and use them for your
      thesis.

For the copying conditions, see COPYING .


Requirements
------------
This document should compile with any recent version of TeX Live. I
used Tex Live 2009-11 as available on a Debian squeeze. You may have
to install the Optima font, available here:
   http://www.ctan.org/tex-archive/fonts/urw/classico/
(only a warning will be issued if you don't have it).

I used pdflatex to compile the document, but it shouldn't be too hard
to set sources up to compile with other programs (you will need to
convert pdf images if you want to compile with latex).


Compiling
---------
To compile the document, simply type
    $ make
at the command prompt. This will produce a pdf document with a B5
layout and color artwork.

The class these.cls accepts some configuration options, that you may
pass directly through make. Type
    $ THESEOPT=<list-of-options> make
to modify the pdf output. The accepted options are
   a4layout   	  A layout adapted for A4 paper.
   a5layout	  A layout adapted for A5 paper.
   b5layout	  A layout adapted for B5 paper (default).
   a4papersaver	  A layout for A4 paper with a very large typeblock.
   		  Not so good for reading, but very good for the planet
   noartwork	  Do not produce drawings, in case you think they are
   		  inappropriate for a scientific work.
   artwork	  Produce drawings (default).
   bw		  Produce grayscale graphics. Gives better results than 
   		  printing color graphics on a black and white printer.
   color	  Produce color graphics (default).
   openleft	  Chapters start on a verso page.
   openright	  Chapters start on a recto page.
   openany	  Chapters start on any page (default).

Any other option accepted by the class Memoir will work.

Alternatively you can modify the files these.tex and/or these.cls if
you want to make more radical changes.
